{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 INTRO
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 DOSTiger is a sub-application of WebHax. DOSTiger is used to run DoS (Denial of Service) attacks on websites.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 ATTACK TYPES
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 DOSTiger supports two types of attacks: HTTP Flooding, which floods the target with HTTP GET requests, and Socket Flooding, which floods the target with socket connections. HTTP Flooding can be more effective and sometimes less CPU-intensive, but only works on websites that use http:// or https://. HTTP Flooding also only supports two ports: 80 for http:// and 443 for https://. Socket Flooding, on the other hand, can be more CPU-intensive and possibly less effective, but it can target any port and works with any protocol.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 MULTI-THREADING\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 DOSTiger has the option to run up to 50 attacks at once repeatedly using multi-threading. Each thread makes the attack much stronger. However, running multiple threads can be extremely CPU-intensive. Though the number of threads is capped at 50, it is not recomended to go above 15.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 USAGE\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 DOSTiger has a simple, user-friendly interface. To start it up, simply run this command in the Terminal:\
python3 /path/to/WebHax\
and enter 'dos' when prompted for the attack type. Do not run any of the files within the DOSTiger folder or try to manually run DOSTiger ; it has a specual startup mechanism that shouldn't be tampered with. Once you start up DOSTiger, a series of questions will appear on the screen. Some will have suggested answers if you're not sure what to enter ; enter those in doubt. When answering each question, remember that DOSTiger is case-sensitive ; enter your answer matching the exact case. Once you have answered all the questions, a banner will appear on your screen:\
====== STARTING [ATTACK TYPE] ATTACKS ON [WEBSITE] ======\
After this, you will not see any more output. To terminate DOSTiger, press Ctrl-C.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 ATTACK VOLUME\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 Because of multi-threading, there is no option to configure how many attacks DOSTiger should run. Instead, DOSTiger runs until terminated (either by Ctrl-C or because of a fatal connection error such as Connection Refused).\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 USING DOSTiger FOR DDOS\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 DDoS, or Distributed Denial of Service, means utilizing a network of different devices to make the attack more powerful. Using DOSTiger for DDoS is simple: just install WebHax on different machines and run it on all of them at the same time. With each meachine running DOSTiger, the attack will be more powerful.}